the chest and the very first how you get into the selection becomes a watering can
and yes i just thought the nice opportunities and just sitting on the couch i
did you not expect at all to fall in
well there you do it for another you can also stand in just before the break
yes it is true it is my dream to go deep in the red
fischer
how often have you thought of this moment
since i got three years was penn
in the beginning there was of course no at ajax because he i didn't play here
but since those times but i can treat it meant this is this
attention
what I have been waiting for
it is one of the remediation signal your friend and colleague oversee
that can go and now his self is right and that is of course very beautiful
very proud
next to a nice one
we played we liberate francs
Younger voters are very promising after ever having this type a lot
exactly another dynamic deen de barin next to christian eriksen
yes but the neighborhood it is a very big talent once again include juniors
in the finish a lot of stretch
with red from that we can enjoy for a very long time and of course
the schoolyard fantastic
to be able to play this ashton and I am just put in which flag flies
if you were after an exciting viewer it seemed as if you had been playing ajax and long
because it didn't bother the pressure
no, I was correct that I was so much more nervous and missed
I was just ready for her to see the broadcast fall
I did not expect it to go so fast
and by the ps driver the weather is not good but
yes of course to find that made long russian you go once
head chance imagine everyone had gone
yeah that would be nice, after all, mayer I'm going to get there
what type of player are you if you would describe yourself
I am 60 I do not think I have some coins in the backfield I am not stressed
but
and i always want to try to defend the technical football
technical defense
is not true
You are the last player a very long tradition this weekend fixed
parents ran their baby one of them
yes that's right and that is of course very beautiful
and they cook and are now one of the names
what are you going to do with your shirt
hang up
above your bed above the law 9 this tastes like more I think
Certainty certainties in the winter so often the last may need to put smart
pluck the dutch state congratulations on the neighborhood hours in this
structure
they seemed ready for years
I think so